today we're bidding now I think this
hairstyle works best on second day hair
because it has a little more texture and
wave so I took some ribbon and I
threaded it through my bobby pin and I
just used whatever I had I think I had
two strands of red about a quarter inch
and two strands of green and I put him
through my bobby pin and slipped him
through and I have a side part here on
her hair I'm just gonna twist the front
in this will hold back the bangs and it
will hold my bobby pin into place then
loosen it up a little bit so that it
looks extra nice then slip the bobby pin
in there and hide it in the twist then
you have your ribbons hanging down and
you'll want to section it into three
strands so that we can French braid and
I know you'll have an uneven amount of
ribbon but just go ahead and place them
you know that you have red and green in
each strand and if some strands are
extra that's okay and then just go ahead
and start braiding and the ribbon might
get hidden a little bit in this braid
but that's okay as we stop and puff the
braid we will also pull the ribbon out
so just follow the line of the head
we're gonna go all the way sideways on
our head and as we get to the back we'll
start to go down then you can stop and
you're just going to puff this as much
as as you like depending on the look I'm
gonna puff it kind of large and I'm
gonna dig out those little ribbon pieces
and pull those out and then follow the
pattern of her head back and then I will
start to come down and braid and I will
stop again before I put in the elastic
and just go ahead and pull those puffs
out so it looks so the braid really pops
from her head and you can see all the
red and green strands and then really
dig out those ribbons and just put your
elastic in the bottom then I'm gonna
sweep the rest of this hair up over to
the side and just put a barrette in it
now I have a barrette with some green
ribbon on it to match and then I'm going
to take the hair that was left over and
just kind of swoop it in that little
swirl
I just came back from a lovely trip
along the Milky Way I stopped off with a
knock Oh